Moving Router Resource Estimator to a custom component in docs (#653)
apollographql/docs: src/content/technotes/TN0045-router_resource_estimator.mdx

---
title: Router resource estimator
id: TN0045
toc: false
tags: [router]
---

import RouterResourceEstimator from "../../components/TechNotes/RouterResourceEstimator";

The **router resource estimator** estimates the system resources you need to allocate for the Apollo Router to run production traffic. The resource estimator can help you get a _starting baseline_ that you can then iterate on.

## Usage

To use the estimator:

> 1. Enter your expected average **request rate per second** and **peak request rate per second**.

Reviewer: `expected` could be misinterpreted as mean/average. suggest removing or replacing with `estimated`:

```suggestion
1. Enter your estimated **request rate per second** and **peak request rate per second**.
```

> 2. Adjust the other parameters to match your expected production load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Adjust the other parameters to match your estimated production load.
```
